It ended up being a pretty long story, but Itona-kun,
who had previously attacked Korosensei three times, finally joined our class.
Then, one week later...
All right, class, I'll see you tomorrow.
I finally got paid, so I'm heading out for some Shanghai hairy crab!
Yi, er, san, go!
No fair! Take us too!
Now that it's the second term, our work's getting a lot harder.
Korosensei's really trying to get our grades up.
That's nice and all, but I haven't picked up any girls in ages.
You're sticking around, Itona-kun?
What are you making?
Just what it looks like:
an RC tank.
Why?
I had an all-day cram session with that octopus yesterday.
It stressed me out.
We'll save that for later. Now for your next question...
He really ticked me off... so I'm gonna use this to kill him.
It's like Terasaka's dumb face told me:
I can fail a hundred times, no sweat.
So I'll go kill him, expecting the worst.
Go kill him? You mean... B-But this thing...
It's like, crazy high-tech!
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
4th Period Kimura Masayoshi Spinning Time
Is this for real?
This thing uses cell phone camera parts.
Wow, Itona.
You thought up these tweaks yourself?
I learned basic electronics at my old man's shop.
Anybody could do it, unless they're literally Terasaka.
Itona-kun's changed so much from when he had those tentacles.
Tongue's as sharp as ever, though.
Whoa!
Amazing... It's practically silent when it moves and when it shoots!
I used a lot of electronic controls to minimize gear noise.
The camera feed is sent to the controller,
and it moves in tandem with the main gun's sights.
Wow, real spy stuff!
Even if you can aim this at him... where would you aim?
I'll let you guys in on a little something.
There's one ideal place we should be aiming for:
our target's vital organ.
Korosensei's vital organ?!
He has a heart. Right under his tie.
If we hit that, we can take him down in a single strike.
He'll probably have spread the word by now—
about my vital organ, that is.
Korosensei's Weak Point #26:
His heart Korosensei's Weak Point #26:
His heart
These assassinations are bound to get a lot more fun with Itona-kun in the mix.
Korosensei's Weak Point #26:
We can use this.
Yeah.
Okay, let's give it a test run in preparation for the assassination.
If it breaks during the real deal, we'll be screwed.
Dead slow ahead!
Bye, Bitch-sensei!
See you later!
Go straight home, now! No detours!
We will!
Want to stop for a snack?
Yeah, let's!
But you just said...
See anything?
No, the camera didn't get that far. The field of view is too narrow!
Can't we put in a bigger camera?
It'll increase the weight, decrease its mobility,
and make target acquisition more difficult.
In that case...
Why don't we use a fisheye lens on the camera?
Takebayashi!
- Advisor - Takebayashi Koutarou
If we have the CPU correct any distortion in the received image...
Standard Fisheye Correction Standard Standard Standard
Standard Fisheye Standard Standard Fisheye Fisheye
Standard Standard Fisheye Fisheye Standard Fisheye
Fisheye Fisheye Fisheye
even a small lens can get us a wide field of view.
Got it. I'll find a small fisheye lens with a wide viewing angle.
- Camera Provider - Okajima Taiga Ritsu.
Yes?
Can you build a distortion correction program?
Sure! I'm not sure what you'd need it for, but I'll take care of it!
You're a genius, Takebayashi.
We need a recording function.
Yeah. It's a must for effective analysis of our upgrades.
So much for taking the moral high ground against the underwear thief.
All in the name of assassination! Onward!
Uh... Prototype 0!
I'll go set it upright!
- High-Mobility Recovery Crew - Kimura Masayoshi
Thanks, Kimura!
Shouldn't its suspension be able to handle uneven surfaces?
I'll come up with something.
- Drive System Design Support - Yoshida Taisei
I know a little about drive systems and metalworking.
This light khaki chassis color is too obvious.
That's combat camouflage.
It needs to blend into the school scenery, or the target might notice it.
I'm on it.
- Camouflage Manager - Sugaya Sousuke
School camouflage. I'll paint it up.
An RC car is much smaller than a human.
To make it easier to get around,
- Road Map Cartographer - Maehara Hiroto
I'll draw up a map.
They really go off track once they start thinking with the wrong head.
Total sleazebags.
THE NEXT DAY 6:30 AM THE NEXT DAY 6:30 AM
Hey. I finished the suspension yesterday.
Yo, guys.
I made us breakfast.
- Provisions Supplier - Muramatsu Takuya
How do you like this school camo?
You guys do realize we're planning an assassination here, right?
Yeah, yeah. We know, Mr. Class President!
All right, let's get in a test run before the girls show up!
Yeah!
Nobody's tardy on a day like this.
Ritsu starts up at eight o'clock sharp.
I don't want to hurt her.
Uh, yeah.
You dumbass!
You gotta move carefully or you'll flip it again!
Move! It's my turn!
There was no need to worry whether the antisocial Itona-kun would fit in with our class.
Sex, violence, and making things:
he ticked all the boys' boxes, and before he knew it, he was the center of attention.
Itona, we're all working on this together.
Why don't you give this thing a code name?
I'll think about it.
The tentacles once asked me what I wanted to be.
When I said I wanted to be strong,
before long, that was all I could think about:
hazy thoughts of fighting and winning.
You can start with a fine thread.
Over time, you'll spin it into something stronger.
Itona: "growing thread." My wish for you, right there in your name.
How did I ever forget my roots?
Ack, it crashed! Terasaka, you suck at this!
Say what?!
Hey, Itona, isn't this lever a little loose?
This is probably where I should have started all along.
A monster!
Run! No, fire!
The main gun's nowhere near strong enough!
Gotta tweak that, too!
Eeeyikes!
Damn it.
To think we got done in by a weasel.
Next time we'll need to assign a driver and a gunner.
You're on firing duty, Chiba.
- Gunner - Chiba Ryuunosuke Uh... okay.
Mistakes are all part of the development process.
Itona Mk.1 may have been a dud, Itona Mk.I Itona Mk.I
Itona Mk.I Itona Mk.I Itona Mk.I Itona Mk.I Itona Mk.I
Itona Mk.I but we'll spin it into something stronger.
Itona Mk.I Itona Mk.I Itona Mk.I Itona Mk.I
I can fail a hundred times,
but I will kill him in the end.
Hope I can count on you.
You bet.
Bloodlust is what binds us together.
This is going to be fun.
All right! By March, we'll have this thing looking up all the girls' skirts!
So that's our goal now?
What's this about up our skirts?
Kataoka!
Nothing! We were talking about side skirts on cars, that's all!
Oh, we heard you.
Boys are the worst.
And just who came up with this idea?
I hope it wasn't you, Itona.
Okajima.
Hey!
Good morning!
Oh, Okajima-san!
I have that fisheye lens correction program ready for you.
Wait! It wasn't just me! Right?
No idea what you're talking about. Leave me outta this, Okajima.
Maehara, you dirty rat!
Just give it up, guys.
Either way, it's clear you were all in on this little scheme.
Boys are the worst.
What's going on?
Kind of a crime of passion.
Huh.
No, it's like, all adventurous!
You boys are hopeless.
Karma, I'm skipping today.
Show me somewhere cool.
Wow, you can talk!
Sure.
Hey, you! Itona!
Itona-kun's tougher than we thought.
Assassination Classroom Second Season Shiota Nagisa
Itona Horibe
Oh, so "Itona" is written with the characters for "growing thread"?
One of those fancy-pants names!
Hey!
It's a good name! Sounds cool.
There are plenty of people with weird names in this class.
What? It's read "Justice"?! I totally thought it was "Masayoshi"!
Kimura Masayoshi Kimura Masayoshi Kimura Masayoshi
Everyone's kind enough to read it that way, yeah.
And I asked Korosensei to call me that, too.
Sure made us nervous, hearing your name at the entrance ceremony.
Yeah, I guess.
I'm not looking forward to being humiliated in public again at graduation.
Kimura-kun's parents are police officers.
Justice Justice
They were so high on justice that that was what they named their child.
And being my parents, they'd just smack me if I complained about it.
They didn't think about how much hell kids can get put through in school.
That's parents for you.
Just look at me. They called me Kirara.
Do I look like a Kirara to you?
N-No...
My mom lives in her own little fantasy world,
but if something happens that she doesn't like, she goes into screaming hysterics.
Imagine the stress of growing up in that house.
No way was I going to grow into my adorable little name.
You've sure got it rough, saddled with such weird names.
Akabane Karma Oh, me?
I actually rather like my name.
Guess some kids inherit their folks' strange tastes.
Hmm... I'm not satisfied with how I was named, either.
Huh?
I though you liked "Korosensei."
Kayano named you that.
I do like it. That's why I'm not satisfied.
There are still two people who won't call me by that name.
Karasuma-sensei just says "Hey" or "You there."
We're not some middle-aged married couple!
But it's embarrassing for a full-grown adult to be like, "Korosensei!"
Then why don't we call each other by code names instead?
Code names?
Yeah. We make new names for everyone.
Like the assassins we met on the island:
they called each other by code names to hide their real ones.
Don't you think it's kinda cool and assassin-y?
I see. Good idea!
Lottery Box Lottery Box Lottery Box Lottery Box
Here's what we'll do.
Lottery Box Write down your suggestions.
We'll call each other by the names I pull out of this box.
Sounds fun, but do we have to think up names for everyone?
I'm just writing down whatever comes to mind.
All right, so for today... you may not call each other by your real names!
Whaaat?
Baseball Brain, Baseball Brain!
Any movement from the target?
Nothing yet, Jackson Pole-ock!
Code Name Baseball Brain Code Name Baseball Brain
Fun Police is hiding in wait near a lone pine.
President Poverty's team will come from behind and chase him into the swamp,
Code Name President Poverty
Code Name Tsundere Tsniper Code Name Tsundere Tsniper
and then Tsundere Tsniper will fire on him.
Okay. Here goes!
Shape up, you two! How could you let your target leave the scene?
Code Name Fun Police Code Name Fun Police
Especially you, Crassanova!
Code Name Crassanova Code Name Crassanova
Always hold your gun at firing height!
Damn it! They're not getting away!
Director Deathcap! Arcade Wizardki! Silky Stag Beetle!
Code Name Silky Stag Beetle Code Name Arcade Wizardki
Code Name Director Deathcap He's headed your way!
Got it!
Ah! He went another way!
Home Plate!
Code Name Home Plate Code Name Home Plate
Code Name Loofah Code Name Loofah Loofah!
Dennis the Menace!
Code Name Dennis the Menace
On it!
Get him looking at the ground, and...
Nicely done, I Can't Believe It's Not Takaoka.
Code Name I Can't Believe It's Not Takaoka
But it's not enough!
Scoring one hit on me doesn't mean you'll ever take him down!
Poison Glasses! Forever Flat!
Code Name Forever Flat Code Name Poison Glasses
If I can see where you're firing from, I can dodge your shots!
He saw us! Take over,
Dignified Didact!
Okay!
Code Name Dignified Didact Code Name Dignified Didact
C'mon, Bilingual Blonde and Gender Bender!
Code Name Gender Bender Code Name Bilingual Blonde
Roger!
Nice shooting this time. They've managed not to give away their location.
Must be Dignified Didact's leadership.
Keep your distance from behind, then wait for your chance...
Code Name Manga Maniac Code Name Terminal Perv
Terminal Perv and Manga Maniac aren't bad either.
Eternal Eighth-Grader has blocked the escape route!
Code Name Eternal Eighth-Grader We're counting on you,
Code Name Dating Sim Protag Dating Sim Protag!
Dating Sim Protag!
Assume your target is always on guard!
I know.
But I'm not the one who'll take you down.
Justice!
So how did it feel, spending the day under code names?
Kind of... painful.
Code Name Amazing Ape Code Name President Poverty
Code Name Silky Stag Beetle Code Name Justice
Code Name Bilingual Blonde
Code Name Director Deathcap
Code Name Scrunchies and Boobs Code Name Amazing Ape
Code Name President Poverty
Code Name Scrunchies and Boobs "Scrunchies and Boobs"?
Being called "Amazing Ape" over and over...
Ah, yes. I see, I see.
What does "Box o' Moe" mean?
Code Name Jackson Pole-ock Code Name Box o' Moe
Code Name Kunugigaoka's Mom Probably exactly that.
Korosensei!
Why was I the only one with my real name?
Because I knew what you'd be doing in phys ed training today.
I figured, with your mobility, you'd play quite a role.
And given the awesome moves you pulled off,
the name "Justice" is a perfect fit.
So it is!
Petition for Name Change Petition for Name Change
Petition for Name Change Kimura Justice
Kimura Masayoshi Just to reassure you, Kimura-kun,
Kimura Masayoshi Petition for Name Change
Kimura Justice Kimura Masayoshi
it should be relatively easy to put in for a name change.
Oh, right!
Still, Kimura-kun...
If you manage to kill me, I bet this is how the world will see your name:
"'Justice' indeed! A perfect name for the hero who saved Earth!"
To be honest, there's no great meaning to the grand names our parents give us.
What's meaningful is what the people so named accomplish in their lives.
Names don't make a person.
They're merely left behind in our footsteps as we walk through life.
How about cherishing that name for a while longer?
At least...
until the assassination's over with.
Okay?
I think I will.
So... Today's the day we all use code names.
Now to tell you mine!
From now on, please call me:
The Eternal Prince of Tempestuous Destiny.
Why do you get to pick such a fancy-pants name?!
And what's with that smug look?
Aw, c'mon, why not? Just for one day!
Korosensei spent the rest of the day
as "The Pervy Octopus of Spineless Stupidity."
Code Name The Pervy Octopus of Spineless Stupidity
The Pervy Octopus of Spineless Stupidity!
Huh? Octopus?!
That was a blast!
Code Name Specs Code Name Specs
Sure was funny today, using code names in class.
That it was.
Right, Dennis the Menace?
Can it, Baseball Brain.
Ouch!
What does it even mean?
Yeah, and whose big idea was it to put me down as "Forever Flat," huh?
Gulp!
So it was you.
Code Name The Art of Darkness See you tomorrow.
Hey, I'll put up with that nasty ramen again today.
C'mon.
Now look here...
He's totally a Terasaka guy.
He really is.
And so the days went on, each of us giving it our all.
But we were the End Class.
Our fun times couldn't last forever.
How's the second term coming?
Of course, as my son, you should know that "poorly" isn't an option in the A Class.
Quite smoothly.
I'm thorough in my handling of any students who lag behind even the slightest bit.
I'll aim for the midterms and train them even harder.
How encouraging.
However, the students still talk about when you let the E Class
get carried away during first term...
owing, I'm sure, to your inexperience at the time.
I'll be sure to crush them...
as one of the strong.
Of course. Not having students to fill the roles of "the strong" and "the weak"
would run counter to my educational principles.
Allow me to impart upon you some guidance, for your own sake,
about what separates the masses from the leaders who stand at the peak.
First, consider where and when you want to win.
Then consider how.
How will you capitalize upon loopholes in the rules to best utilize the pieces you hold?
That is the true measure of a leader.
If you cannot do that, you'll never best me, Asano-kun.
All right.
I'll show you what I can do,
Mr. Principal.
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo